DOCSP-33956: atomic typos fy2024-q4 (#148)
mongodb/docs-kafka-connector: source/monitoring.txt

   * - Use Case
     - Metrics to Use

   * - You must know if a component of your pipeline is falling behind.
     - Use the ``latest-kafka-time-difference-ms``
       metric. This metric indicates the interval of time between
       when a record arrived in a Kafka topic and when your connector
       received that record. If the value of this metric is increasing,
       it signals that there may be a problem with {+kafka+} or MongoDB. 

   * - You must know the total number of records your connector
       wrote to MongoDB.
     - Use the ``records`` metric.

   * - You must know the total number of write errors your connector
       encountered when attempting to write to MongoDB.
     - Use the ``batch-writes-failed`` metric.

>    * - You must know if your MongoDB performance is getting slower

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * - You want to know if your MongoDB performance is getting slower
```

       - ``batch-writes-failed-duration-over-<number>-ms``
       - ``processing-phase-duration-over-<number>-ms``
 

>    * - You must find a bottleneck in how {+kafka-connect+} and your MongoDB sink

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * - You want to find the time {+kafka-connect+} and the MongoDB sink connector spend writing records to MongoDB.
```

   * - Use Case
     - Metrics to Use

>    * - You must know if a component of your pipeline is falling behind.

Reviewer: Similar suggestions for these items as the ones on the other Use Case section.
